Client Background

Home  Our Success Stories  Algorithmic trading for multiple commodities markets, like Forex, Metals, Energy, etc.
















Client BackgroundClient: A Leading Trading Firm in the USAIndustry Type: FinanceServices: Trading, Consulting, SoftwareOrganization Size: 100+The ProblemA Trading site will have all the required features, allowing users to trade in multiple commodities markets, like Forex, Agriculture, Metals, Energy etc. Our SolutionDesigned the website with technical indicators, and the ability to trade in live market, plus allows the user to create his/her own strategy to backtest. Functionalities like all types of technical indicators:Trend followingmean reversionrelative strengthvolumemomentum.Strategies are specific scripts, which are able to send, modify, execute, and cancel buy or sell orders and simulate real trading right on your chart. Backtesting is the process of recreating the work of your strategies on historical data, essentially all of your past strategic work. Forward testing allows for the recreation of your strategy work in real time, all while your charts refresh their data.Solution ArchitectureDeliverablesA Fully functional trading platform that lets you customize technical indicators, create charts, and analyse financial assets. These indicators are patterns, lines, and shapes that millions of traders use every day. Platform designed is entirely browser-based, with no need to download a client. Allowing the user to use all types of indicators:Trend followingmean reversionrelative strengthvolumemomentum.Tools usedNumpypandasLanguage/techniques usedPython Business ImpactClients want a social media network, analysis platform, and mobile app for traders and investors. So we designed a website with all the client’s requirements, where traders, investors, educators, and market enthusiasts can connect to share ideas and talk about the market. By actively participating in community engagement and conversation, you can accelerate your growth as a trader, and your ability to trade in the live market, plus allows the user to create his/her own strategy to backtest. A Fully functional trading platform that lets you customize technical indicators, create charts and analyze financial assets. These indicators are patterns, lines, and shapes that millions of traders use every day. Platform designed is entirely browser-based, with no need to download a client. Allowing the user to use all types of indicatorsProject Snapshots 

RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR




 

Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes 

 



 

Facial Recognition Attendance System 

 



 

Face Recognition Using DeepFace 

  

 




MOST POPULAR INSIGHTS




How are people diverted to Telehealth services and telemedicine? 
April 26, 2022 


 




Design and develop Jenkins shared library 
August 6, 2023 


 




Replacing existing pavement roads, parking lots and sidewalks with pavement made... 
July 17, 2019 


 




Marketing Analytics – Why do we care about it? 
April 30, 2019 


 Load more RECOMMENDED INSIGHTS



 
Analyzing the Impact of Female CEO Appointments on Company Stock Prices

 



 
Design and develop a product recommendation engine based on the features...

 



 
MVP for a software that analyses content from audio (Pharma-based)

 



 
Resume Matching & Skill Ranking for a Leading IT Firm in...